
# edibble 1.1.1

Bug fixes

* Factor inputs were displayed integers. Fixed so this does not happen.
* S3 methods are exported.

Improvements

* If an edibble object is created from existing data, level edges are added when using `allot_trts()`. 
* If a record factor is specified from existing data, the unit levels are added as attributes. 

# edibble 1.1.0

Bug fixes

* Bug fix for export_design when no record factor exists
* Bug fix for order assignment

Quality of life improvements

* Format change for the title page in the export
* Change behaviour of `fct_attrs()` when levels supplied as numeric or vector 
  instead of `lvls()`. 
* Change the print out of edibble table.
* Improve the assignment algorithm.

New features 

* Added new functions `count_by()` and `split_by()`.
* Added ability to specify conditional treatment.
* The `simuluate_rcrds()` has now a facelift with delineation of the process specification to `simulate_process()`. 
* `autofill_rcrds()` implemented.
* Added ability to add two designs by `+`.
* Ability to add metadata through design().



# edibble 1.0.0

* Major internal change. R6 class is completely changed to a Provenance object.
* Provenance object now track the internal and external commands. 
* Changed export to use `openxlsx2` instead of `openxlsx`. 
* The display now shows the variable class (and not just the role).

# edibble 0.1.3

* Make S3 generic/method consistent
* Updated old-style citEntry() to bibentry()

# edibble 0.1.2

* Fix for dev tidyselect (thanks to @hadley)

# edibble 0.1.1

* Fix issue with Rd files generated by roxygen2; it uses "align", which is becoming obsolete in HTML5

# edibble 0.1.0

* Initial release of the package
